I eat steak well done with ketchup
Gossip Girl > Sex and the City
Liberal thinker, conservative donger, moderate fun
I’ll know you’re the one for me when we both sing along to Katy Perry in the shower
If you’re afraid to toot in front of me after the 3rd date, swipe left
Tell me your first ever email address
I get along best with people who find olives disgusting
Biggie > TuPac
I actually enjoyed the solitude of the lockdown
The only way to eat chocolate is refrigerated
I’m at an age where I understand why people do fraud
Bottling up everything so I can die of stress induced heart failure when I turn 40
Minecraft is proof kids yearn for the mines #meforpresident
If I catch you not signaling while driving I’m hitting the eject button
For our second date, we’re analyzing an episode of Sex and the City
I’m not a judgemental person, but I’m not sure if we can hang out if you get your memes from Facebook
Don’t hate me if I read every plaque in a museum
Nutella > peanut butter > jam
I always keep a pistol under my pillow. So in case of burglary I’m able to shoot myself to prevent interactions with other people.
Does calling it a button-up shirt instead of a button-down shirt make me an optimist?
If you honk at me to get out of my parking spot faster, I’ll stay put until I die
Any time someone likes my post, I read it again
Remember when replacing your TP: beards are cool, mullets are bad
Sometimes I watch a show just because my remote fell on the floor
I’d donate my kidney to (your favorite thing in the world)
If money didn’t matter I’d be a (your ideal job)
According to my friends I am more beautiful in real life, but my mom says I’m always a beautiful boy
Will totally humiliate you at (your favorite game here)
Unusual skill: (insert)
A non-negotiable: asking the taxi driver if it’s been busy tonight
Will cook (your favorite dish) if you do the dishes
Caffeine-dependent life form
Black belt in leaving my phone on top of my car before driving off
Dating me is like finding an extra chicken nugget in your McDonalds
My last Tinder date opened my mail when I was in the bathroom
Never again will I try to swat a bumblebee as I’m driving down the freeway
I can convince you to delete this app forever after just one date
I bet you can’t beat me at a staring contest
I microwave a mean mac and cheese
Unusually skilled at binging Netflix
Awkward for the first 10 minutes, surprisingly charming after
#1 bad boy. Still bad at everything
Just got a bad haircut and am feeling especially self-conscious
My biggest turn on is chatting for 3 months without meeting
Been listening to the same 200 songs for the last 15 years
I always talk to animals in an annoying baby voice
I go back and forth between ‘IDGAF confident’ and ‘I really could use a compliment’
Tell me the soundtrack to your life
I feel the most empowered when I give zero fucks
My mother would describe me as her son
The thing I hate most in the world is calories
I’m here to avoid friends on social me
Steal my sweater and put your cold feet on me already!
Let’s do something radical, let’s turn on Netflix and actually watch the movie
Our dogs will be named Maximilian and Ingrid. This is non-negotiable.
Let’s discuss what our couples email address will be
If you’re kind, cool and honest I’ll totes try to hold your hand
I will always bring you a snack even if you said you didn’t want one
Let’s get one thing straight: the food at our wedding banquet will be Chinese
Hoping to be swept off my feet, but have low expectations
Integrity is sexy as phuck
Relationship goal: us doing the lift from Dirty Dancing
Amateur Lego builder. Terrible cook. Aspiring snowboarder.
Family orientated. Red Sox fan. Dog owner.
Surfer. Book lover. Craft beer enthusiast.
Great cook. Filmgoer. Runner.
I’ve always known the secret to happiness is gratitude. I’m still surprised and humbled by how much I have in my life to be grateful for!
I’ve always known I wanted to be a dad. I’m still surprised by how incredible being a father is and how much I love my son.
I’ve always known I was going to be a writer. I’m still surprised to see my words in print.
Not picky about how tall you are, because everyone is the same height in bed.
I’m on Tinder to make friends the same way I’m on Pornhub to watch the plumber fix the sink.
69% gentleman, 31%… you’ll have to find out.
Sushi, not working out, Dave Chapelle, pepperoni pizza, scary movies, Childish Gambino, and swimming.
Traveling, smoking weed, nature, podcasts, cryptocurrency, and baking.
Chocolate chip ice cream, swimming in the ocean, picnics in the park, walking in the rain, and playing COD.
Most likely to book an overseas trip while drunk. Least likely to jump out of a plane.
Most likely to try street food. Least likely to work a 9-5 job.
Most likely to be loved by your mum. Least likely to be loved by your dad.
Looking for the pepperoni to my pizza, the peanut butter to my jelly, the cheese to my crackers. Oh dang… now I’m hungry.
If you are into bad boys then swipe right because I’m a good boy.
I may not be the best cook, but I know how to whip up a great order with Uber Eats. Satisfaction guaranteed.
I’m a simple girl looking for a good time.
I’m looking for a serious relationship.
I’m a funny woman with a good sense of humor.
I’m a good gal with a great sense of humor.
I’m a simple woman who’s looking for a good time.
I’m looking for a simple guy who can make me laugh.
I’m looking for a great guy with a good sense of humor.
I’m a simple girl who’s looking for the right guy.
If you give me a right swipe I’ll cook you dinner.
Just a girl dabbling in dating sites to meet my Prince Charming.
Living life and looking for my perfect match.
Swipe right. It’s a good idea.
I’m just looking for someone to bring to family events.
Swipe right and tell me your favorite movie.
Is joining Tinder one of my best ideas? I guess we will have to see.
I just want to find the right person for me.
Not here for a long time but here for a good time.
If you don’t swipe right, good luck in your search!
I am here for the cute guys!
Tell me your favorite TV show.
Match with me so we can debate our unpopular opinions.
Looking for someone to cuddle with on Sunday mornings.
Taking chances is a good thing, so why not take a chance on love?
There are so many different ways to make an impression, so take your best shot!
I am looking for the kind of person I can laugh and be silly with.
I am a good girl looking for a bad boy.
Welcome fellow Tinder users, I hope we make a connection!
Let’s match and talk about our favorite song!
I am looking for someone who is a great time but also has a kind heart.
This is my first time on Tinder, can you show me around?
I enjoy live music and trips to the beach.
If we match I promise I’ll send the first message.
Swipe right to see if we are a good match.
Looking for the peanut butter to my jelly.
Swipe right and give me your best cheesy pickup line.
The best way to my heart is a date at Barnes and Noble.
I like straight talk with long conversations.
